The live terminal is a
real coding environment
that allows you to build
and run your program.
To execute your code,
simply select the Run
code button located
in the Instructional tab.
The terminal will display the
results of your code execution
and enable you to interact with
any input prompts as needed.
If you do not see the terminal,
use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl+'
or if using a Mac command+' to
launch or relaunch the terminal.
You have the option to
display terminals side by side.
To do so, split a
terminal to create a group
by right clicking
on the title tab.
This feature enables you
to divide the workspace
and have multiple terminals
within the same window,
making it easier to
manage and interact
with different terminal
instances.
You can resize each terminal
by dragging its edges
and changing its position
to the left, right,
or bottom by pulling the
tab to the desired location.
This gives you the flexibility
to customize the layout
of your workspace
according to your needs.